RHTAPBUGS-581: Added a sample custom task (#197)
redhat-appstudio/docs.appstudio.io: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-to-guides/configuring-builds/proc_customize_build_pipeline.adoc

+
[source]
--
  name: example-task
  params:
  - name: example-param
    value: “Example”
  runAfter:
  - build-container #You can be more specific by choosing another task
  taskRef:
    params:
    - name: name
      value: example-task # metadata.name field of the Task
    - name: bundle

>       value: <full reference url to the tekton bundle> # For more details on tekton bundles, refer https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/pipelines/#tekton-bundles

Reviewer: Please put this comment in a single line.

Author: Done.

>       value: <full reference url to the tekton bundle> # For more details on tekton bundles, refer https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/pipelines/#tekton-bundles

Reviewer: As an example, I think we can give a fake value with correct format. That comment tells reader to learn more.

Author: Done.

+
[source]
--
  name: example-task
  params:
  - name: example-param
    value: “Example”
  runAfter:
  - build-container #You can be more specific by choosing another task
  taskRef:
    params:
    - name: name
      value: example-task # metadata.name field of the Task
    - name: bundle
      value: quay.io/tekton-bundle-catalog/example-task-bundle:1.0
      # For more details on tekton bundles, refer https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/pipelines/#tekton-bundles
    - name: kind
      value: task
    resolver: bundles
  when:
  - input: $(params.skip-checks)    #This references the pipeline parameters
    operator: in
    values:
    - "false"
--

+

> An example of custom task added to the pipeline which sends slack notification when the pipelinerun fails:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An example of a custom task added to the pipeline that sends a slack notification when the `PipelineRun` fails:
```

+
[source]
--
  name: slack-webhook-notification
  params:
    - name: message
      value: PipelineRun $(context.pipelineRun.name) failed
    - name: secret-name

>       value: my-secret # name of the secret in the your namespace which contains slack web-hook URL

Reviewer 3: I would add something like `... slack web-hook URL under key specified in 'key-name' parameter below`

Author: Added now.

    - name: key-name

>       value: dev-team # key name of the secret

Reviewer 3: The comment is unclear.

Author: Removed the comment now. since we have already mentioned about it in the previous `secret-name` parameter.

  taskRef:
    params:
    - name: bundle
      value: quay.io/redhat-appstudio-tekton-catalog/task-slack-webhook-notification:0.1
    - name: name
      value: slack-webhook-notification
    - name: kind
      value: Task
    resolver: bundles
  when:
    - input: $(tasks.status)
      operator: in
      values: ["Failed"]
--

> Note that in order for this task to work you need to create a secret in your namespace with at least one key where value is webhook URL for slack.

Reviewer 3: Dies it make sense to add a command to create a secret for the configuration above?

Author: Added the sample command now. Thanks.

> Note that in order for this task to work you need to create a secret in your namespace with at least one key where value is webhook URL for slack e.g. `oc create secret generic my-secret --from-literal dev-team=https://hooks.slack.com/services/XXX/XXXXXX`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Author: Thanks. Updated with latest commit.

+

> NOTE: If you want to define a task directly in this file, rather than using `taskRef`, you can use `taskSpec`. Visit the documentation linked in the <<additional-resources>> section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
* To use this task, you need to create a secret in your namespace with at least one key where the value is the webhook URL. For example, to create a secret for Slack, run ``oc create secret generic my-secret --from-literal dev-team=https://hooks.slack.com/services/XXX/XXXXXX`
* If you want to define a task directly in this file, rather than using `taskRef`, you can use `taskSpec`. Visit the documentation linked in the <<additional-resources>> section.
```

Author: Updated. One more change added instead of ` To use this task` replaced it with more specific ` To use slack-webhook-notification task` . Since in this note we are only talking about the slack-webhook-notification task only.
